Nowadays fast food is thoroughly embedded in our society, and resisting its temptations is something not everyone is capable of, because of its advandtages for today's modern life. 
But then, nothing is perfect, fast food also has some notable minus.

Fast food, as its name, is designed to be served and eaten quickly. This is probably the most important incentive for people, especially occupied ones to eat fast food. With fast food, the
waiting time for being served is reduced at the most, due to food is usually prepared in matter of minutes and you can be on your way. For example, in the largest fast food chains, the most straightforward 
burger is prepared in just 30 seconds, the reason is they are simply frozen before being taken to the kitchen. Fast food's price is another reason makes fast foods becomes more popular. Fast food 
is usually much cheaper than homemade meals and dine-in restaurants. Because of that, it is the most common meal choice of lower class folks in societies. One outstanding benefit from fast food
is its convenient. Today fast food chains are everywhere and available 24/7, along with numeours options including all-American food, Asian, Medxican, Indian and Middle-Eastern. Just a quick drive to a nearby 
store will already make the whole family full.

On the down side, fast food has adverse effects on one's health. Most fast foods like french fries, burgers, have high salt and calorie content. Likewise, beverages and deserts like shakes, cackes contain sugar
in high quantities. The production process involved in creating fast food added a lot of greasy and fat content. Definitely, these will lead to health issues such as obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure, strokes if eating 
such food in long time. Aside from that, food quality is another noteworthy issue. Fast food is made in a bulk production process, with aim to server customer as much as possible, so the overall quality of food tends to lower.

In conclusion, fast food although it is convenient and a tasty addition to a diet, can have serious health effects. People should learn to choose fast food carefully and it is important to limit how often eat at them.

