The world is getting warmer, and the trend is accelerating. Over the past 50 years, the average global temperature has 
increased at the fastest rate in recorded history, especially last 3 consecutive years, including 2016 - the warmest
year on record globally. Global warming does pose a huge threat to the Earth's survival, not only humanity.

Higher temperatures are worsening many types of extreme weather, including storms, heat waves, floods and droughts.
Hurricanes are getting more and more stronger with supports from global surface warmer, and super hurricanes such as
Katrina hit United States in 2005, Maria hit Dominica and PuertoRico in 2017, are becoming increasingly common. 
The number of heat waves has been rising in recent years, in term of frequency and severity. Across the globe,
hot days are getting hotter and more frequent, while fewer cold days. Extreme heat waves have caused thousands of 
deaths around the world. Global warming also causes higher sea levels. The world's ice sheets are melting fast, leads
to oceans will be one to four feet higher, threatening coastal systems and low-lying areas. This has grave consequences
for the region's people, wildfire and plants.

In order to effectively address global warming, nations must significantly reduce the amount of heat-trapping emissions such as
CO2, CFCs, N20. As individuals, people can help by taking action to reduce our personal carbon emissions by using energy-efficient products,
choosing electric or hybrid car instead of gasoline or diesel one, trying to reduce, re-use and recycle as much as possible, etc.
But to fully address the threat of global warming, gorvenments must support and implement a comprehensive set of climate solutions. One of these is replacing
fossil fuel by alternative clean power sources such as electric, wind or solar. Besides, afforestation and stopping deforestation plays an integral role
in a comprehensive long-term solution to global warming. Tropical forest trees, like all green plants, take in carbon dioxide and release oxygen during photosynthesis.

To conclude, global warming poses a serious threat to humanity, wildlife and ecosystem of the planet. Governments and civilians both share equal responsibility to overcome 
this issue and make planet earth safer for humanity and other inhabitants.