Causes and effects of pollution

Nowadays, pollution does pose a huge threat to human's life. This essays will discuss the main causes of pollution and describing its possible effects.

First, industries have been polluting our evironment especially since the beginning of the industrial revolution. The industrial boom on all over the world leads to the extreme increase in not only use of fossil
fuels such as petroleum, coal but also its emissions, particularly heavy industries like oil, mining, steel, chemicals, machinery manufacturing. Pollution caused by industries primarily are air pollution, 
soil and water contamination. Aside from that, agricultural activities is mainly contributes to water and soil contamination. This is caused by the increased use of pesticides and plant growth stimulants made from
chemical substances, in order to eradicate insects and enhance agricultural productivity. Nevertheless, these chemical substances harm the surrounding environment as well. Furthermore, as agriculture gets more and 
more intensive to feed the increasing world population, more environments and ecosystems are destroyed to make space for the crops.

Environment is the first casualty for increase in pollution weather in air or water. The increase in the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere leads to smog which can restrict sunlight from reaching the earth. Thus, 
preventing plants in the process of photosynthesis. Gases like Sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide can cause acid rain. Water pollution in terms of Oil spill may lead to death of several wildlife species. Moreover,
pollution has dangerous effects on human. For example, air pollution causes respiratory illness and damaged cells in the respiratory system. Long term exposure to polluted air can have permanent health diseases, even 
lung cancer. When we eat reminiscences of pollutants used in the production of processed foods, or pesticides from the crops, these chemical substances are toxic for human and to be the major factor in the development of cancer.

Pollution is becoming one of bigest challenge for humanity today. The Earth requires more and more human attemps conducted on a personal, industrial and governmental levels to curb pollution and save the world.


