advantages and disadvantages of studying abroad

Studying abroad becomes common in today's society, mentioned as the most effective approach to improve people's knowledge outside of the confines of their country. 
This essay will discuss the benefits and the drawbacks of studying abroad.

First and foremost, studying abroad provides much better education for students. In host country, which mostly more developed than home country, students have the 
chance to approach to updated and holistic knowledge of their major. They will be completely immersed themselves in advanced educational environment, which 
helps them enhance their knowledgee significantly. For example, leading countries like US, UK always be the most desired destinations for all oversea students, with 
numerous world's top universities such as Harvard, MIT, Standford, Cambridge. The chance of getting into one of these universities is dream of all students. Aside from that,
studying abroad gives students the chance to see the world. They will experience a brand-new country with incredible new outlooks, customs and activities. In international
educational environment, mixing with people from all over the world exposes students to a variety of different cultures, and they will learn about other cultures at the same
time as widening their own horizons and broading their mind.

On the other hand, adapting to a new environment is the biggest challenge for every foreign students when studying abroad. Everything in new country is no longer unfamiliar. The
substantial differences in culture, customs, foods, etc might lead to culture shock, whereas weather change might affects to health, then everyday might turn into a struggle 
for survival in a strange country. These changes adversely impact to students, require be powerful both physically and mentally strength to overcome and adapt. Otherwise, foreign students could
neither study nor gain beautiful experiences as they expected.

All things considered, studying abroad offers great opportunities for students, due to its benefits. Overcoming its disadvantages also makes they become stronger and more successful in the future.